Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, if you click on this image, just shoot.
I'm going to get this overflow error.
And in order to get rid of this earth layer or what we can do is we can make this side of page scrollable.
Okay.
So now to do this, I'm going to go to this code now over this column bubble, wrap it with a single
child, scroll view.
So by doing that, it's going to make this side of page scrollable.
Okay.
So now over this column, I'm going to use Control.
I don't.
Rap.
What we did then is going to be single charged.
Of you.
So by doing this, our of pages are scrollable.
Okay.
Is coach unnecessary?
Good.
Now, that's crude vertically so that you can see we can scroll vertically, right?
Okay, great.
Now what you can do, we can take this back to where it was before.
So over this container, they're going to see alignment.
So there's going to be alignment.
That sits right center.
So who's going to take it back to the way it was before?
That is the center.
Okay, great.
Now, you can see as the keyboard pops out is going to go to the heart.
And that was the reason we were out with this in which I scrub you, scroll view, able to scroll the
sign up page.
Okay, great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.